hello Dinobots and insecticons my name
is so mungry and I'd like to welcome you
guys back to the Transformers fall
cybertron armor set series in this
episode i'm gonna mix it up a little bit
it's not truly an armor set but i got
some requests for evil swoop so here he
is he is custom made check him out i got
him as evil as can be and i think he's
pretty cool-looking if you ask me so
let's transform him there he is he's got
the swoop form he's got a animal head
there or a dinosaur head i should say
there and the bug head here so he can
get you on the ground and in the air so
i will meet you guys in a game oh and
also before i beat you guys in a game
i'm going to be using the most evil
stuff possible the gear shredder and i'm
going to be trying out this photon burst
rifle with the photon accelerator i
don't really use that often and the
battle century with the rust century
because the rust century is extremely
annoying so i will meet you guys in a
game all right guys here we are in a
game i entered into a capture the flag
game and I'm entering a little late here
and they just capture our flag so let's
see we make a comeback and I'm evil
swoop I get stuck on things and I'm very
evil hahahahahaha whoa Titan not fun not
fun for evil swoop but he does not like
the gear shudder and I don't like to
gear shutter either but I'm using it
because I'm so evil evil evil let's see
we can just drag him down from a
distance since we got a guy behind there
ooh a nice little star here let's grab
this flag
nice like Oh evil swoop
give me a cube nice Wow all right I got
escort I got escort and the gear sugar I
absolutely just despise this weapon I
was just in a couple team deathmatch
games trying to play a game with evil
sooo if I kept getting on the autobot
side so i didn't bring one for you guys
but everybody just spams the gear
shredder and it just drives me crazy and
I'm going to rant a little bit because
I'm evil and I have the right to and
high Moon Studios needs to fix the gear
sugar they need to patch that weapon
they need to turn back time and make
this there I do this last patch because
I have no idea why it was made in the
first place and here we go my gear
shredder okay I just had total miss
there but that woulda been an easy kill
I would have hit them so we got
ourselves a tight game let's hunt
regular swoop down because he's not
nearly as cool as Evo swoop and I think
he's on my tail and evil swoop probably
the cheapest Dino Khan you will come to
know uses the rough century and the gear
shredder and is extremely annoying but
he does enjoy long walks in the sewer
BAM look at that gear shudder no skill
required great for an evil scientist
hahahaha come on fix the gear shredder
alright let's see if we can get this guy
quick Grimlock I'm sorry bruh
I kill you oh and another fun fact about
evil swoop is he enjoys getting stuck on
things and he just loves everything
that's sticky he can't resist it he'll
just get stuck on him all and right now
Grimlock bozo evil swoop King haha
alright so they got our flag which means
I'm not sure exactly how I want to play
this
I don't play capture the play for a long
time but we're gonna evil swoop on in
here kill this guy because he looks like
you wants to gear shudder people
Wow Wow Wow that weapon Wow
and you know what I think I could gouge
my eyes out with evil swoops claws right
now and then shoot the gear shredder and
still get a couple kills I don't think
eyes are required to use this weapon go
go go
I'll pick it up I'll pick it up I'll run
go this way because there that way
always look where the spawns coming in
and as the evil swoop scientist oh my
gosh do I have the accelerator nope oh
wow Wow
darn it got hit from the backside nice
put up a rough set for here kiss
I guess so somebody got that guy whoa
whoa
because mailing the air that's what
evils Hoople do do to make you weird
things booyah baby I guess we won so
hope you guys enjoyed this evil swoop
gameplay our team won nine two and one
wow we had a lot of people on our team
so that happens sometimes too high Moon
Studios is at two four six seven seven
on five come on let's go let's fix this
game all right guys remember to thumbs
up and have a good day